				AMAZING!!!!!!!
			  Amanda Escaba and Tina Lee

Darkness. You are surrounded by darkness. You feel a faint pounding in your 
head, is it just another headache? Slowly, you blink your eyes open - only 
to rapidly shut them again, because what you see cannot be real. Again, you 
slowly open your eyes to see what you are faced with - you are surrounded by 
giant, looming black walls. But wait - you peer into the distance and see 
that you are not completely caged in. As you move through the darkness, you
run into another wall. You turn down another path, only to be faced with 
another dead end. Suddenly, it hits you: you are trapped in a maze.

     ///———————————————————GAMEPLAY INSTRUCTIONS—————————————————\\\

Launch the game, and the walls will begin being knocked down to reveal a 
maze. The player will always spawn in the top left corner of the maze, 
marked green. The goal of the game is to get through the maze and reach the 
endpoint at the bottom right corner, which is marked purple. An AI will also
spawn randomly on the maze and will try to get you as you try to
exit. If the AI reaches your location, you will be frozen and unable to 
move - unless you somehow start a new game…

Construct a completely new maze with the R key, and construct a vertically 
or horizontally biased maze with the V and H keys, respectively. Use the 
directional keys to move the player throughout the maze to reach the end. 
Toggle the view of the path you have already traversed with the P key. You
can also find the solution to the maze using DEPTH or BREADTH first search 
by hitting the N and B keys, respectively. 

Enable multiplayer mode by pressing 2. A random maze will be regenerated, with 
player 1 in the BOTTOM RIGHT corner and player 2 in the TOP LEFT corner. Control 
player 2 with the W, A, S, and D keys and player 1 with the UP, DOWN, LEFT, and 
RIGHT KEYS. Both players must traverse the entire maze and make it to the other 
side to win the game. 

      /———-———————————————-———-GAME CONTROLS-—-———————————————————\

MOVE PLAYER: UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT

MULTIPLAYER MODE: 2

MOVE PLAYER 2: W, A, S, D

TOGGLE PATH VIEW: P

DEPTH-FIRST SEARCH: N

BREADTH-FIRST SEARCH: B

RESET MAZE: R

VERTICALLY BIASED MAZE: V

HORIZONTALLY BIASED MAZE: H

      /———-———————————————-———-BELLS AND WHISTLES-—-———————————————————\

At any point in time, including as the maze is being animated or after completion 
of the maze, the user can generate a new maze by pressing the R key.

At any point in time, including as the maze is being animated or after completion 
of the maze, the user can start a depth or breadth first search by pressing the N 
or B keys, respectively.

The maze will be initialized as a grid and the user will see an animation of walls 
being knocked down to reveal the maze.

The user can skip the “knocking down walls” animation and go straight to the maze 
by pressing the Q key.

The user can generate a new maze with a horizontal bias at any point using the H 
key, or a maze with a vertical bias using the V key.

Toggle the view of the path you have already visited using the P key.

Enable multiplayer mode by pressing 2. Use the W, A, S, and D keys to control the
new player. Both players must cross the entire maze and make it to the other side 
to win the game.

An AI will spawn randomly on the maze at the start of the game and try to get to the 
player. The bigger the maze, the slower the AI moves. The player will lose the ability
to move if the AI ever reaches the player. This goes for either player in multiplayer
mode as well.

      /———-———————————————-———-RELEVANT CLASSES/METHODS-—-———————————————————\


1 construct random mazes using kruskal’s algorithm
	- MAZE CLASS
		- krus returns minimum spanning tree, side effect: updates hashmap 
		of reps

2 display maze graphically & animate search for path
	- MAZE CLASS
		- makeScene displays the maze
		- onTick animates the knocking down of walls
               - search helps with animation
		- reconstruct returns the correct path to the target cell

3 allow user to choose 1 of 2 algs to find path - bfs or dfs
	- MAZE CLASS
		- bfs does breadth first search
		- dfs does depth first search

4 provide option for designing new random maze
	- MAZE CLASS
		- onKeyEvent allows user to design a new random maze (keys R, V, H)
		- initDraw draws new mazes

5 allow user to traverse maze manually using keys to select next move, preventing illegal
 moves, notifying user of completion of game
	- MAZE CLASS
		- onKeyEvent allows user to traverse the path manually 
		(UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT)

